Thanks for sending this over and putting thought into it. Appreciate all the perspective on the health situation. We've been constantly bouncing the itinerary around between us and perhaps we should consider some shifts or alternatives.

Since we are traveling down to see you all, we want to make sure we are able to optimize the time we have so everyone has the best visit. Natalie and her routine ends up really dictating the trip and the timing of everything. I know that we discussed this a bit; but Natalie has two good blocks of visit time between sleep: typically around 7-11 is prime time in the morning and around 2-7 in the afternoon/evening. Now this can shift and we are also dealing with the time change so flexibility with all things is key. We can’t fully predict how any one day will be and we simply roll with the punches! 

With that - here is an idea of what may work out best and result in the happiest visit overall.

MONDAY:
I know we originally discussed coming to you on Monday but the more we think through it Sunday will be a bit of a grueling day of travel for us all and our first night in the hotel. So perhaps Austin is the best place to spend that day. We would love to spend the day with you, have some pool/hotel grounds time and relax. Food is flexible - we will pick and go with the flow depending on who’s hungry when and what’s available. When Natalie needs to nap, Sarah can head upstairs with her and we can continue to visit and chat and Olivia can swim. Once Natalie is up we can regroup and eat dinner and hang out. 

TUESDAY:
We will head over in the morning to your house. A brunch may be best to allow Natalie to eat a little and visit before a nap. We're a bit concerned that eating while she naps will be tough noise-wise. So we all eat together (brunch) and then hang out to talk (not in dining area) while she sleeps. If she gets in a decent nap we can figure out dinner or pick a place and grab dinner out. Just think that it may be best to not plan something huge just in case she doesn’t sleep and we need to head back to the hotel. Again, we just have to roll with what Natalie gives us. 

WEDNESDAY:
We thought we would plan on the museum this day as to allow you the next day to rest. We would love to have you come all day.  Again with the nap we will have to decide if we do morning or afternoon at the museum. Dinner could be grabbed wherever we are and whatever makes sense for the group. 

What are your thoughts on all of this? We truly are looking to maximize our time with you and your time with Natalie and are trying to orchestrate the best solution across the board.

Looking forward to seeing everyone! 
Stuart and Sarah
